what is up jeez Gary apologies back this
timorous Tyson Street for I have been
saving the story line up for you guys so
I can post it on YouTube but you guys
watch it all and now in the meantime
I've been upgrading the ship and I've
got a whole lot of armor I've got level
4 armor I've got almost as high of
weapons as I can have except for mortar
the the high stuff requires a plan and I
can't get it and before I do another
episode of storyline I wanted to show
you guys this because I cannot beat it
at all whatsoever
and I've got this upgraded ship and it's
a legendary ship I'm trying to kill and
the it does so much damage that it can
kill me
literally in like three Rams it takes a
whole bar of health and I have level 4
health so if you guys want to tell me
how I beat it if you yeah if you guys
have beaten this legendary ship I'm
getting ready to show you guys please
show me how to or tell me how to in the
comment section or something because I
cannot beat it up you have to get its
pattern down or whatever and follow it
around and shoot at it a whole bunch of
times and then it still ends up beating
me like I've got it down to read so I'm
gonna show you guys how I do it and this
video could be short it could be a
little bit longer
I do not know depending on how good I am
in the video so we will see see that big
freakin and baguette over there
humongous it's a big ship I just cannot
beat this thing
I do not understand why that's what she
said all right so I mean I can turn left
or right right here because it seems
like I always end up dodging right at
the beginning or nope never mind I'm
gonna dodge this time eat fire barrels
baguette with that that hurts
eat more fire barrels off my back see
look at that thing
it's overpowered we are going down there
is no freaking way we're going to beat
this thing
no way
and then the shoots like hundreds and
hundreds of fire freakin cannonballs at
me
it's freakin impossible to kill this
thing
I barely take any of its health I think
you guys should recommend this to the
ragequit guy see if you can find this
ship and fight and beat this thing
because I can't eat fire barrels eat
more fire barrels douche oh we're going
down we are going down one more hint
we're done we are going down there's no
freaking way this is impossible
here goes we're dead we're gonna die
this is it we're dead so you guys I
swear cannot beat it it is freaking
impossible to kill we will attempt this
one more time and we're gonna call this
video the rage quit edition you guys
please help me tell me how and the crap
to beat this thing because honestly I
keep getting my butt handed to me on a
silver platter or should I say on the
ocean because it keeps killing me over
and over again last night I was so
pissed off is this thing I got so close
just a couple times and the freaking
thing still beats me look this is the
technique right here scene he turns off
after you hit him a few times and then
he chose to hit you with his cannons
that's the secret but I can't freakin
hit them I can't hit that point every
time I just can't do it
I just I don't know how to barely hit
him he hasn't done any damage to us but
I mean he's going to turn around where
he's gonna do this so I mean if
I can get it on the right spot go go go
eat fire barrels no oh my gosh there's
so much damage look I thought I barely
even touch him and he does so much
damage I barely touched the guy
oh just frickin drifted into him they've
done so much damage to me it's not even
sleeping fire oh my goodness
after this guys I'm saying screw it I'm
not fighting this thing if you know I'm
gonna attempt one more time after are
after I'll do this video guys and if I
don't beat him you know screw it I'm
gonna get rekt prereqs that plans to do
whatever the crap else i want to do and
forget this freakin thing alright come
here you faggot quit running away from
me number why it takes off like this it
goes so far away and he's so fast like
he even whenever he's against the wind
he's so quick like I I just I can't help
but rage every time I fight this thing
Oh mister
oh my goodness
ah I quit I'm done guys bye